README.md, before:

# [Heavy Metal Quiz](https://bruna-andelieri.github.io/milestone2/)

Heavy Metal Quiz is the ultimate online quiz game for die-hard heavy metal enthusiasts! Prepare to unleash your metal knowledge as you embark on a thrilling journey. In this quiz, you'll face a barrage of mind-bending questions, challenging your expertise on iconic bands, legendary albums, and much more! From the pioneers of the genre to the modern masters, this game covers it all. Challenge yourself and your friends in the exhilarating world of heavy metal.

![Responsive Mockup](/assets/images/media/responsive.jpg)

## Features

- ### __Instructions__
    In the middle of the page, there's a main screen that users see first. There is a section that explains how to play the game. It has a START button that invites them to begin their metal journey. But once the game starts, this section disappears, and exciting questions take its place.


![start](/assets/images/media/start.jpg)

- ### __Navigation Bar__
  - Feature at the top the links are to the right corner: Home, Service and Contact Us.

![Navigation Bar](/assets/images/media/navigation_bar.jpg)

- ### __Header__
  - The header holds the Hero image, choose a beautiful image that can capture the happiness of the dog.
![Hero Image](/assets/images/media/hero_image.jpg)

- ### __Section__
  - In this section, we can find more about us and some client reviews.
  
  ![Section](/assets/images/media/section.jpg) 
  

  

- ### __The Footer__
  - The footer includes links to the relevant social media sites for Furb. The links will open to a new tab to allow easy navigation for the user.
  
![Footer](/assets/images/media/footer.jpg)

- ### __Service__
  - The second page includes Furb's services.
  - Keeps the same identity from the Home page.

![Service](/assets/images/media/service.jpg)

- ### __Contact Us Page__
  - This page contains a form, that allows the user to send a message to Furb.
  - On the right side the user can see the maps displayed following the address. 

![Contact](/assets/images/media/contact.jpg)

  ## Design
  
  - The design is simple but intuitive, it is easy to find the necessary information.
  
## Website Structure
  
  - ### Home Page
  
  ![Home_Page](/assets/images/media/home_page.jpg)
  
 - ### Service Page
 
 ![Service_Page](/assets/images/media/service_page.jpg)
 
-  ### Contact Page
 ![Contact_Page](/assets/images/media/contact_page.jpg)
 
- ## Colour Palette
  
  ![Colour_Palette](/assets/images/media/color_palette.jpg)


## Testing

  - The website works in different browsers: Chrome, Firefox, Safari, and Edge.
  - The website is fully responsive.
  

## __Coding Validation__

- ### HTML validation

![HTML_Validator](/assets/images/media/html_validator.jpg)

- ### CSS validation

![CSS_Validator](/assets/images/media/css_validator.jpg)

- ### Accessibility

![Accessibility](/assets/images/media/accessibility.jpg)

## __Git__
Git is used to tracking changes in the source code. The main commands used to utilised to capture and store changes:

- git add .
- git bcommit -m "Message in quotation marks."
- git push
- 
## __Deployment__

  - The website was developed on Codeanywhere.

  - The site has been deployed in GitHub Pages, for getting there the steps taken were:
    - On the Git Hub repository's main page, click on the "Settings" button;
    - From the left-hand side menu, in the "Code and automation" section, click on "Pages".
    - Within the build and deployment area, select
    Source --> "Deploy from a branch; 
    Branch --> "main" "/(root)"
    Click on the "Save" button.
     - It takes a few minutes to display the site.

     The live link can be found here:
     https://bruna-andelieri.github.io/furb/

## Credits

  ### Content

  - The code to make the header, footer, and social media was taken from the CI Love Running Project.

  ### Media

  - All the images were from [Unplash](https://unsplash.com/)
  - The color pallet was extracted from [Coolors](https://coolors.co/)

Commit message:

docs: add Score README.md

README.md, after:

# [Heavy Metal Quiz](https://bruna-andelieri.github.io/milestone2/)

Heavy Metal Quiz is the ultimate online quiz game for die-hard heavy metal enthusiasts! Prepare to unleash your metal knowledge as you embark on a thrilling journey. In this quiz, you'll face a barrage of mind-bending questions, challenging your expertise on iconic bands, legendary albums, and much more! From the pioneers of the genre to the modern masters, this game covers it all. Challenge yourself and your friends in the exhilarating world of heavy metal.

![Responsive Mockup](/assets/images/media/responsive.jpg)

## Features

- ### __Instructions__
    In the middle of the page, there's a main screen that users see first. There is a section that explains how to play the game. It has a START button that invites them to begin their metal journey. But once the game starts, this section disappears, and exciting questions take its place.


![start](/assets/images/media/start.jpg)

- ### __Questions__
   Once you hit the START button, you'll be able to answer the questions by selecting the correct answer. After each question, the next one will appear along with your current score at the end of the screen.

![Question](/assets/images/media/question-answer.jpg)

- ### __Score__
 After answering these six questions, your score will be displayed on the screen. Additionally, a message tailored to your score will appear, providing feedback on your performance. If you're up for another round, you'll find the TRY AGAIN button conveniently located on the same screen. Feel free to give it another shot and test your metal knowledge once more!

![Score](/assets/images/media/score.jpg)

- ### __Section__
  - In this section, we can find more about us and some client reviews.
  
  ![Section](/assets/images/media/section.jpg) 
  

  

- ### __The Footer__
  - The footer includes links to the relevant social media sites for Furb. The links will open to a new tab to allow easy navigation for the user.
  
![Footer](/assets/images/media/footer.jpg)

- ### __Service__
  - The second page includes Furb's services.
  - Keeps the same identity from the Home page.

![Service](/assets/images/media/service.jpg)

- ### __Contact Us Page__
  - This page contains a form, that allows the user to send a message to Furb.
  - On the right side the user can see the maps displayed following the address. 

![Contact](/assets/images/media/contact.jpg)

  ## Design
  
  - The design is simple but intuitive, it is easy to find the necessary information.
  
## Website Structure
  
  - ### Home Page
  
  ![Home_Page](/assets/images/media/home_page.jpg)
  
 - ### Service Page
 
 ![Service_Page](/assets/images/media/service_page.jpg)
 
-  ### Contact Page
 ![Contact_Page](/assets/images/media/contact_page.jpg)
 
- ## Colour Palette
  
  ![Colour_Palette](/assets/images/media/color_palette.jpg)


## Testing

  - The website works in different browsers: Chrome, Firefox, Safari, and Edge.
  - The website is fully responsive.
  

## __Coding Validation__

- ### HTML validation

![HTML_Validator](/assets/images/media/html_validator.jpg)

- ### CSS validation

![CSS_Validator](/assets/images/media/css_validator.jpg)

- ### Accessibility

![Accessibility](/assets/images/media/accessibility.jpg)

## __Git__
Git is used to tracking changes in the source code. The main commands used to utilised to capture and store changes:

- git add .
- git bcommit -m "Message in quotation marks."
- git push
- 
## __Deployment__

  - The website was developed on Codeanywhere.

  - The site has been deployed in GitHub Pages, for getting there the steps taken were:
    - On the Git Hub repository's main page, click on the "Settings" button;
    - From the left-hand side menu, in the "Code and automation" section, click on "Pages".
    - Within the build and deployment area, select
    Source --> "Deploy from a branch; 
    Branch --> "main" "/(root)"
    Click on the "Save" button.
     - It takes a few minutes to display the site.

     The live link can be found here:
     https://bruna-andelieri.github.io/furb/

## Credits

  ### Content

  - The code to make the header, footer, and social media was taken from the CI Love Running Project.

  ### Media

  - All the images were from [Unplash](https://unsplash.com/)
  - The color pallet was extracted from [Coolors](https://coolors.co/)
